Update Replicating_elements.md (#1268)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Basic_Functionality/Elements/Working_with_elements/Replicating_elements.md

> - If the element uses the Production version of the protocol, and this version is different on the other DMA, only the statuses of the common parameters will be transferred.
> - Security is defined on the remote DMS. Access to the remote element will therefore depend on the rights granted to the credentials you entered to log on to the remote DMS. In other words, you cannot replicate an element if you do not have access to the view containing that element.
> - Replicating a [partial table](xref:Table_parameters#partial-tables) is not supported. Only the data of the first page will be present in the replicated element. The table rows that are present on the other pages will not be replicated.

> > - While configuring element replication, the client machine running DataMiner Cube requires direct access to the remote DMA hosting the element to be replicated. Cube will make a direct connection to this agent to retrieve the list of elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - While you configure element replication, the client machine running DataMiner Cube requires direct access to the remote DMA hosting the element to be replicated. Cube will make a direct connection to this DMA to retrieve the list of elements.
```
